Docs fixing and cleanup (#1217)
netket/netket: docs/docs/install.md

## Jax/Flax extensions

> Netket v3 API is centered around [flax](https://flax.readthedocs.io), a jax library to simplify the definition and usage of Neural-Networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NetKet v3 API is centered around [flax](https://flax.readthedocs.io), a JAX-based library providing components to define and use neural network models.
```

g = nk.graph.Hypercube(length=20, n_dim=1, pbc=True)
```

Then, one must define the system to be studied.

> To do so, the first thing to do is usually defining the lattice of the model.
> This is not always required, but it can sometimes avoid errors.
> Several types of Lattices (graphs) are defined in the [Graph submodule](netket_graph_api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a discrete system, the first thing to do is usually defining the underlying lattice structure of the model.
Several types of lattices and, more generally, graphs allowing arbitrary connections between sites are defined in the [Graph submodule](netket_graph_api).
```

In the example above we chose a 1-Dimensional chain with 20 sites and periodic boundary conditions.

```python
hi = nk.hilbert.Spin(s=1 / 2, N=g.n_nodes)
ha = nk.operator.Ising(hilbert=hi, graph=g, h=1.0)
```

Then, one must define the hilbert space and the hamiltonian. 

> Common options for the Hilbert spacee are {class}`~nk.hilbert.Spin`,  {class}`~nk.hilbert.Fock` or {class}`~nk.hilbert.QuBit`, but it is also possible to define your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common options for the Hilbert space are {class}`~nk.hilbert.Spin`,  {class}`~nk.hilbert.Fock` or {class}`~nk.hilbert.Qubit`, but it is also possible to define your own.
```
